test/snapshots/expr_no_space_dot_int.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module []

foo = asd.0
~~~
# EXPECTED
PARSE ERROR - expr_no_space_dot_int.md:3:10:3:12
UNKNOWN OPERATOR - expr_no_space_dot_int.md:3:10:3:12
# PROBLEMS
**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `expr_no_space_dot_int`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

**expr_no_space_dot_int.md:3:10:3:12:**
```roc
foo = asd.0
```
         ^^


**UNKNOWN OPERATOR**
This looks like an operator, but it's not one I recognize!

**expr_no_space_dot_int.md:3:10:3:12:**
```roc
foo = asd.0
```
         ^^

Check the spelling and make sure you're using a valid Roc operator like `+`, `-`, `==`.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),CloseSquare(1:9-1:10),
LowerIdent(3:1-3:4),OpAssign(3:5-3:6),LowerIdent(3:7-3:10),NoSpaceDotInt(3:10-3:12),EndOfFile(3:12-3:12),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-3.12
	(module @1.1-1.10
		(exposes @1.8-1.10))
	(statements
		(s-decl @3.1-3.12
			(p-ident @3.1-3.4 (raw "foo"))
			(e-malformed @3.10-3.12 (reason "expr_no_space_dot_int")))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module []

foo = 
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @3.1-3.4 (ident "foo"))
		(e-runtime-error (tag "expr_not_canonicalized"))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @3.1-3.4 (type "Error")))
	(expressions
		(expr @3.10-3.12 (type "Error"))))
~~~

Commit message:

Replace some UNRECOGNIZED OPERATOR messages

test/snapshots/expr_no_space_dot_int.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module []

foo = asd.0
~~~
# EXPECTED
PARSE ERROR - expr_no_space_dot_int.md:3:10:3:12
UNRECOGNIZED SYNTAX - expr_no_space_dot_int.md:3:10:3:12
# PROBLEMS
**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `expr_no_space_dot_int`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

**expr_no_space_dot_int.md:3:10:3:12:**
```roc
foo = asd.0
```
         ^^


**UNRECOGNIZED SYNTAX**
I don't recognize this syntax.

**expr_no_space_dot_int.md:3:10:3:12:**
```roc
foo = asd.0
```
         ^^

This might be a syntax error, an unsupported language feature, or a typo.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),CloseSquare(1:9-1:10),
LowerIdent(3:1-3:4),OpAssign(3:5-3:6),LowerIdent(3:7-3:10),NoSpaceDotInt(3:10-3:12),EndOfFile(3:12-3:12),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-3.12
	(module @1.1-1.10
		(exposes @1.8-1.10))
	(statements
		(s-decl @3.1-3.12
			(p-ident @3.1-3.4 (raw "foo"))
			(e-malformed @3.10-3.12 (reason "expr_no_space_dot_int")))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module []

foo = 
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @3.1-3.4 (ident "foo"))
		(e-runtime-error (tag "expr_not_canonicalized"))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @3.1-3.4 (type "Error")))
	(expressions
		(expr @3.10-3.12 (type "Error"))))
~~~
