test/snapshots/string.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=two strings
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module []

x = (
	"one",
	"two",
	"\u",
	"\u)",
	"\u(",
	"\u()",
	"\u(K)",
	"\u(1F680)",
)

# Test backslash before EOF
"\
~~~
# EXPECTED
INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
UNCLOSED STRING - :0:0:0:0
INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
INVALID ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
UNCLOSED STRING - :0:0:0:0
PARSE ERROR - string.md:12:1:12:2
PARSE ERROR - string.md:15:1:15:2
PARSE ERROR - string.md:15:2:15:3
UNKNOWN OPERATOR - string.md:12:1:12:2
# PROBLEMS
**INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This Unicode escape sequence is not valid.```roc
	"\u",
```
	 ^^


**INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This Unicode escape sequence is not valid.```roc
	"\u)",
```
	 ^^


**INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This Unicode escape sequence is not valid.```roc
	"\u(",
```
	 ^^^^^


**UNCLOSED STRING**
This string is missing a closing quote.```roc
	"\u(",
```
	^^^^^^


**INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This Unicode escape sequence is not valid.```roc
	"\u()",
```
	 ^^^^


**INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This Unicode escape sequence is not valid.```roc
	"\u(K)",
```
	 ^^^^^


**INVALID ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This escape sequence is not recognized.```roc
"\
```
 ^


**UNCLOSED STRING**
This string is missing a closing quote.```roc
"\
```
^^


**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `expected_expr_close_round_or_comma`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

**string.md:12:1:12:2:**
```roc
)
```
^


**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `statement_unexpected_token`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

**string.md:15:1:15:2:**
```roc
"\
```
^


**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `statement_unexpected_token`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

**string.md:15:2:15:3:**
```roc
"\
```
 ^


**UNKNOWN OPERATOR**
This looks like an operator, but it's not one I recognize!

**string.md:12:1:12:2:**
```roc
)
```
^

Check the spelling and make sure you're using a valid Roc operator like `+`, `-`, `==`.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),CloseSquare(1:9-1:10),
LowerIdent(3:1-3:2),OpAssign(3:3-3:4),OpenRound(3:5-3:6),
StringStart(4:2-4:3),StringPart(4:3-4:6),StringEnd(4:6-4:7),Comma(4:7-4:8),
StringStart(5:2-5:3),StringPart(5:3-5:6),StringEnd(5:6-5:7),Comma(5:7-5:8),
StringStart(6:2-6:3),MalformedStringPart(6:3-6:5),StringEnd(6:5-6:6),Comma(6:6-6:7),
StringStart(7:2-7:3),MalformedStringPart(7:3-7:6),StringEnd(7:6-7:7),Comma(7:7-7:8),
StringStart(8:2-8:3),MalformedStringPart(8:3-8:8),StringEnd(8:8-8:8),
StringStart(9:2-9:3),MalformedStringPart(9:3-9:7),StringEnd(9:7-9:8),Comma(9:8-9:9),
StringStart(10:2-10:3),MalformedStringPart(10:3-10:8),StringEnd(10:8-10:9),Comma(10:9-10:10),
StringStart(11:2-11:3),StringPart(11:3-11:12),StringEnd(11:12-11:13),Comma(11:13-11:14),
CloseRound(12:1-12:2),
StringStart(15:1-15:2),MalformedStringPart(15:2-15:3),EndOfFile(15:3-15:3),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-15.3
	(module @1.1-1.10
		(exposes @1.8-1.10))
	(statements
		(s-decl @3.1-12.2
			(p-ident @3.1-3.2 (raw "x"))
			(e-malformed @12.1-12.2 (reason "expected_expr_close_round_or_comma")))
		(s-malformed @15.1-15.2 (tag "statement_unexpected_token"))
		(s-malformed @15.2-15.3 (tag "statement_unexpected_token"))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module []

x = 
	

# Test backslash before EOF

~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @3.1-3.2 (ident "x"))
		(e-runtime-error (tag "expr_not_canonicalized"))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @3.1-3.2 (type "Error")))
	(expressions
		(expr @12.1-12.2 (type "Error"))))
~~~

Commit message:

Replace some UNRECOGNIZED OPERATOR messages

test/snapshots/string.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=two strings
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module []

x = (
	"one",
	"two",
	"\u",
	"\u)",
	"\u(",
	"\u()",
	"\u(K)",
	"\u(1F680)",
)

# Test backslash before EOF
"\
~~~
# EXPECTED
INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
UNCLOSED STRING - :0:0:0:0
INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
INVALID ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
UNCLOSED STRING - :0:0:0:0
PARSE ERROR - string.md:12:1:12:2
PARSE ERROR - string.md:15:1:15:2
PARSE ERROR - string.md:15:2:15:3
UNRECOGNIZED SYNTAX - string.md:12:1:12:2
# PROBLEMS
**INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This Unicode escape sequence is not valid.```roc
	"\u",
```
	 ^^


**INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This Unicode escape sequence is not valid.```roc
	"\u)",
```
	 ^^


**INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This Unicode escape sequence is not valid.```roc
	"\u(",
```
	 ^^^^^


**UNCLOSED STRING**
This string is missing a closing quote.```roc
	"\u(",
```
	^^^^^^


**INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This Unicode escape sequence is not valid.```roc
	"\u()",
```
	 ^^^^


**INVALID UNICODE ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This Unicode escape sequence is not valid.```roc
	"\u(K)",
```
	 ^^^^^


**INVALID ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This escape sequence is not recognized.```roc
"\
```
 ^


**UNCLOSED STRING**
This string is missing a closing quote.```roc
"\
```
^^


**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `expected_expr_close_round_or_comma`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

**string.md:12:1:12:2:**
```roc
)
```
^


**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `statement_unexpected_token`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

**string.md:15:1:15:2:**
```roc
"\
```
^


**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `statement_unexpected_token`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

**string.md:15:2:15:3:**
```roc
"\
```
 ^


**UNRECOGNIZED SYNTAX**
I don't recognize this syntax.

**string.md:12:1:12:2:**
```roc
)
```
^

This might be a syntax error, an unsupported language feature, or a typo.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),CloseSquare(1:9-1:10),
LowerIdent(3:1-3:2),OpAssign(3:3-3:4),OpenRound(3:5-3:6),
StringStart(4:2-4:3),StringPart(4:3-4:6),StringEnd(4:6-4:7),Comma(4:7-4:8),
StringStart(5:2-5:3),StringPart(5:3-5:6),StringEnd(5:6-5:7),Comma(5:7-5:8),
StringStart(6:2-6:3),MalformedStringPart(6:3-6:5),StringEnd(6:5-6:6),Comma(6:6-6:7),
StringStart(7:2-7:3),MalformedStringPart(7:3-7:6),StringEnd(7:6-7:7),Comma(7:7-7:8),
StringStart(8:2-8:3),MalformedStringPart(8:3-8:8),StringEnd(8:8-8:8),
StringStart(9:2-9:3),MalformedStringPart(9:3-9:7),StringEnd(9:7-9:8),Comma(9:8-9:9),
StringStart(10:2-10:3),MalformedStringPart(10:3-10:8),StringEnd(10:8-10:9),Comma(10:9-10:10),
StringStart(11:2-11:3),StringPart(11:3-11:12),StringEnd(11:12-11:13),Comma(11:13-11:14),
CloseRound(12:1-12:2),
StringStart(15:1-15:2),MalformedStringPart(15:2-15:3),EndOfFile(15:3-15:3),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-15.3
	(module @1.1-1.10
		(exposes @1.8-1.10))
	(statements
		(s-decl @3.1-12.2
			(p-ident @3.1-3.2 (raw "x"))
			(e-malformed @12.1-12.2 (reason "expected_expr_close_round_or_comma")))
		(s-malformed @15.1-15.2 (tag "statement_unexpected_token"))
		(s-malformed @15.2-15.3 (tag "statement_unexpected_token"))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module []

x = 
	

# Test backslash before EOF

~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @3.1-3.2 (ident "x"))
		(e-runtime-error (tag "expr_not_canonicalized"))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @3.1-3.2 (type "Error")))
	(expressions
		(expr @12.1-12.2 (type "Error"))))
~~~
