test/snapshots/type_anno_connection.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Type annotation connection to definitions
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [add_one, my_number]

add_one : U64 -> U64
add_one = |x| x + 1

my_number : U64
my_number = add_one(42)
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
NIL
# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),LowerIdent(1:9-1:16),Comma(1:16-1:17),LowerIdent(1:18-1:27),CloseSquare(1:27-1:28),
LowerIdent(3:1-3:8),OpColon(3:9-3:10),UpperIdent(3:11-3:14),OpArrow(3:15-3:17),UpperIdent(3:18-3:21),
LowerIdent(4:1-4:8),OpAssign(4:9-4:10),OpBar(4:11-4:12),LowerIdent(4:12-4:13),OpBar(4:13-4:14),LowerIdent(4:15-4:16),OpPlus(4:17-4:18),Int(4:19-4:20),
LowerIdent(6:1-6:10),OpColon(6:11-6:12),UpperIdent(6:13-6:16),
LowerIdent(7:1-7:10),OpAssign(7:11-7:12),LowerIdent(7:13-7:20),NoSpaceOpenRound(7:20-7:21),Int(7:21-7:23),CloseRound(7:23-7:24),EndOfFile(7:24-7:24),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-7.24
	(module @1.1-1.28
		(exposes @1.8-1.28
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.9-1.16
				(text "add_one"))
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.18-1.27
				(text "my_number"))))
	(statements
		(s-type-anno @3.1-3.21 (name "add_one")
			(ty-fn @3.11-3.21
				(ty @3.11-3.14 (name "U64"))
				(ty @3.18-3.21 (name "U64"))))
		(s-decl @4.1-4.20
			(p-ident @4.1-4.8 (raw "add_one"))
			(e-lambda @4.11-4.20
				(args
					(p-ident @4.12-4.13 (raw "x")))
				(e-binop @4.15-4.20 (op "+")
					(e-ident @4.15-4.16 (raw "x"))
					(e-int @4.19-4.20 (raw "1")))))
		(s-type-anno @6.1-6.16 (name "my_number")
			(ty @6.13-6.16 (name "U64")))
		(s-decl @7.1-7.24
			(p-ident @7.1-7.10 (raw "my_number"))
			(e-apply @7.13-7.24
				(e-ident @7.13-7.20 (raw "add_one"))
				(e-int @7.21-7.23 (raw "42"))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @4.1-4.8 (ident "add_one"))
		(e-lambda @4.11-4.20
			(args
				(p-assign @4.12-4.13 (ident "x")))
			(e-binop @4.15-4.20 (op "add")
				(e-lookup-local @4.15-4.16
					(p-assign @4.12-4.13 (ident "x")))
				(e-int @4.19-4.20 (value "1"))))
		(annotation @4.1-4.8
			(declared-type
				(ty-fn @3.11-3.21 (effectful false)
					(ty @3.11-3.14 (name "U64"))
					(ty @3.18-3.21 (name "U64"))))))
	(d-let
		(p-assign @7.1-7.10 (ident "my_number"))
		(e-call @7.13-7.24
			(e-lookup-local @7.13-7.20
				(p-assign @4.1-4.8 (ident "add_one")))
			(e-int @7.21-7.23 (value "42")))
		(annotation @7.1-7.10
			(declared-type
				(ty @6.13-6.16 (name "U64"))))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @4.1-4.8 (type "U64 -> U64"))
		(patt @7.1-7.10 (type "U64")))
	(expressions
		(expr @4.11-4.20 (type "U64 -> U64"))
		(expr @7.13-7.24 (type "U64"))))
~~~

Commit message:

Fix some incorrect error messages

test/snapshots/type_anno_connection.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Type annotation connection to definitions
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [add_one, my_number]

add_one : U64 -> U64
add_one = |x| x + 1

my_number : U64
my_number = add_one(42)
~~~
# EXPECTED
TYPE MISMATCH - type_anno_connection.md:4:19:4:20
# PROBLEMS
**TYPE MISMATCH**
This expression is used in an unexpected way:
**type_anno_connection.md:4:19:4:20:**
```roc
add_one = |x| x + 1
```
                  ^

It is of type:
    _Num(_size)_

But you are trying to use it as:
    _U64_

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),LowerIdent(1:9-1:16),Comma(1:16-1:17),LowerIdent(1:18-1:27),CloseSquare(1:27-1:28),
LowerIdent(3:1-3:8),OpColon(3:9-3:10),UpperIdent(3:11-3:14),OpArrow(3:15-3:17),UpperIdent(3:18-3:21),
LowerIdent(4:1-4:8),OpAssign(4:9-4:10),OpBar(4:11-4:12),LowerIdent(4:12-4:13),OpBar(4:13-4:14),LowerIdent(4:15-4:16),OpPlus(4:17-4:18),Int(4:19-4:20),
LowerIdent(6:1-6:10),OpColon(6:11-6:12),UpperIdent(6:13-6:16),
LowerIdent(7:1-7:10),OpAssign(7:11-7:12),LowerIdent(7:13-7:20),NoSpaceOpenRound(7:20-7:21),Int(7:21-7:23),CloseRound(7:23-7:24),EndOfFile(7:24-7:24),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-7.24
	(module @1.1-1.28
		(exposes @1.8-1.28
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.9-1.16
				(text "add_one"))
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.18-1.27
				(text "my_number"))))
	(statements
		(s-type-anno @3.1-3.21 (name "add_one")
			(ty-fn @3.11-3.21
				(ty @3.11-3.14 (name "U64"))
				(ty @3.18-3.21 (name "U64"))))
		(s-decl @4.1-4.20
			(p-ident @4.1-4.8 (raw "add_one"))
			(e-lambda @4.11-4.20
				(args
					(p-ident @4.12-4.13 (raw "x")))
				(e-binop @4.15-4.20 (op "+")
					(e-ident @4.15-4.16 (raw "x"))
					(e-int @4.19-4.20 (raw "1")))))
		(s-type-anno @6.1-6.16 (name "my_number")
			(ty @6.13-6.16 (name "U64")))
		(s-decl @7.1-7.24
			(p-ident @7.1-7.10 (raw "my_number"))
			(e-apply @7.13-7.24
				(e-ident @7.13-7.20 (raw "add_one"))
				(e-int @7.21-7.23 (raw "42"))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @4.1-4.8 (ident "add_one"))
		(e-lambda @4.11-4.20
			(args
				(p-assign @4.12-4.13 (ident "x")))
			(e-binop @4.15-4.20 (op "add")
				(e-lookup-local @4.15-4.16
					(p-assign @4.12-4.13 (ident "x")))
				(e-int @4.19-4.20 (value "1"))))
		(annotation @4.1-4.8
			(declared-type
				(ty-fn @3.11-3.21 (effectful false)
					(ty @3.11-3.14 (name "U64"))
					(ty @3.18-3.21 (name "U64"))))))
	(d-let
		(p-assign @7.1-7.10 (ident "my_number"))
		(e-call @7.13-7.24
			(e-lookup-local @7.13-7.20
				(p-assign @4.1-4.8 (ident "add_one")))
			(e-int @7.21-7.23 (value "42")))
		(annotation @7.1-7.10
			(declared-type
				(ty @6.13-6.16 (name "U64"))))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @4.1-4.8 (type "Error -> Error"))
		(patt @7.1-7.10 (type "Error")))
	(expressions
		(expr @4.11-4.20 (type "Error -> Error"))
		(expr @7.13-7.24 (type "Error"))))
~~~
