src/snapshots/fuzz_crash/fuzz_crash_016.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=fuzz crash
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
0|
~~~
# EXPECTED
missing_header - fuzz_crash_016.md:1:1:1:3
expected_expr_bar - fuzz_crash_016.md:1:3:1:3
# PROBLEMS
**MISSING HEADER**
Roc files must start with a module header.

For example:
        module [main]
or for an app:
        app [main!] { pf: platform "../basic-cli/platform.roc" }

Here is the problematic code:
**fuzz_crash_016.md:1:1:1:3:**
```roc
0|
```
^^


**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `expected_expr_bar`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

Here is the problematic code:
**fuzz_crash_016.md:1:3:1:3:**
```roc
0|
```
  


# TOKENS
~~~zig
Int(1:1-1:2),OpBar(1:2-1:3),EndOfFile(1:3-1:3),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-1.3
	(malformed-header @1.1-1.3 (tag "missing_header"))
	(statements
		(e-malformed @1.3-1.3 (reason "expected_expr_bar"))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc

~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir (empty true))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs)
	(expressions))
~~~

Commit message:

Verify EXPECTED sections during `zig build test`

src/snapshots/fuzz_crash/fuzz_crash_016.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=fuzz crash
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
0|
~~~
# EXPECTED
MISSING HEADER - fuzz_crash_016.md:1:1:1:3
PARSE ERROR - fuzz_crash_016.md:1:3:1:3
# PROBLEMS
**MISSING HEADER**
Roc files must start with a module header.

For example:
        module [main]
or for an app:
        app [main!] { pf: platform "../basic-cli/platform.roc" }

Here is the problematic code:
**fuzz_crash_016.md:1:1:1:3:**
```roc
0|
```
^^


**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `expected_expr_bar`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

Here is the problematic code:
**fuzz_crash_016.md:1:3:1:3:**
```roc
0|
```
  


**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement **expression** is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
Int(1:1-1:2),OpBar(1:2-1:3),EndOfFile(1:3-1:3),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-1.3
	(malformed-header @1.1-1.3 (tag "missing_header"))
	(statements
		(e-malformed @1.3-1.3 (reason "expected_expr_bar"))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc

~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir (empty true))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs)
	(expressions))
~~~
