src/snapshots/fuzz_crash/fuzz_crash_040.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=fuzz crash
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
app[]{f:platform""}{
o:0)
~~~
# EXPECTED
MISMATCHED BRACE - :0:0:0:0
INVALID STATEMENT - fuzz_crash_040.md:1:20:2:5
# PROBLEMS
**MISMATCHED BRACE**
This brace does not match the corresponding opening brace.

**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement `expression` is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

**fuzz_crash_040.md:1:20:2:5:**
```roc
app[]{f:platform""}{
o:0)
```


# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwApp(1:1-1:4),OpenSquare(1:4-1:5),CloseSquare(1:5-1:6),OpenCurly(1:6-1:7),LowerIdent(1:7-1:8),OpColon(1:8-1:9),KwPlatform(1:9-1:17),StringStart(1:17-1:18),StringPart(1:18-1:18),StringEnd(1:18-1:19),CloseCurly(1:19-1:20),OpenCurly(1:20-1:21),
LowerIdent(2:1-2:2),OpColon(2:2-2:3),Int(2:3-2:4),CloseCurly(2:4-2:5),EndOfFile(2:5-2:5),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-2.5
	(app @1.1-1.20
		(provides @1.4-1.6)
		(record-field @1.7-1.19 (name "f")
			(e-string @1.17-1.19
				(e-string-part @1.18-1.18 (raw ""))))
		(packages @1.6-1.20
			(record-field @1.7-1.19 (name "f")
				(e-string @1.17-1.19
					(e-string-part @1.18-1.18 (raw ""))))))
	(statements
		(e-record @1.20-2.5
			(field (field "o")
				(e-int @2.3-2.4 (raw "0"))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
app [] { f: platform "" }
{
	o: 0,
}
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir (empty true))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs)
	(expressions))
~~~

Commit message:

Fix parser fuzz crashes caused by braces tracking in the tokenizer

src/snapshots/fuzz_crash/fuzz_crash_040.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=fuzz crash
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
app[]{f:platform""}{
o:0)
~~~
# EXPECTED
PARSE ERROR - fuzz_crash_040.md:2:4:2:5
INVALID STATEMENT - fuzz_crash_040.md:1:20:2:5
# PROBLEMS
**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `expected_expr_close_curly_or_comma`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

Here is the problematic code:
**fuzz_crash_040.md:2:4:2:5:**
```roc
o:0)
```
   ^


**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement `expression` is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

**fuzz_crash_040.md:1:20:2:5:**
```roc
app[]{f:platform""}{
o:0)
```


# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwApp(1:1-1:4),OpenSquare(1:4-1:5),CloseSquare(1:5-1:6),OpenCurly(1:6-1:7),LowerIdent(1:7-1:8),OpColon(1:8-1:9),KwPlatform(1:9-1:17),StringStart(1:17-1:18),StringPart(1:18-1:18),StringEnd(1:18-1:19),CloseCurly(1:19-1:20),OpenCurly(1:20-1:21),
LowerIdent(2:1-2:2),OpColon(2:2-2:3),Int(2:3-2:4),CloseRound(2:4-2:5),EndOfFile(2:5-2:5),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-2.5
	(app @1.1-1.20
		(provides @1.4-1.6)
		(record-field @1.7-1.19 (name "f")
			(e-string @1.17-1.19
				(e-string-part @1.18-1.18 (raw ""))))
		(packages @1.6-1.20
			(record-field @1.7-1.19 (name "f")
				(e-string @1.17-1.19
					(e-string-part @1.18-1.18 (raw ""))))))
	(statements
		(e-malformed @2.4-2.5 (reason "expected_expr_close_curly_or_comma"))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
app [] { f: platform "" }

~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir (empty true))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs)
	(expressions))
~~~
