src/snapshots/fuzz_crash/fuzz_crash_037.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=fuzz crash
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module[]"\
~~~
# EXPECTED
UNCLOSED STRING - :0:0:0:0
PARSE ERROR - fuzz_crash_037.md:1:11:1:11
INVALID STATEMENT - fuzz_crash_037.md:1:9:1:11
# PROBLEMS
**UNCLOSED STRING**
This string is missing a closing quote.

**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `string_unclosed`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

Here is the problematic code:
**fuzz_crash_037.md:1:11:1:11:**
```roc
module[]"\
```
          


**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement `expression` is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

**fuzz_crash_037.md:1:9:1:11:**
```roc
module[]"\
```
        ^^


# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:7-1:8),CloseSquare(1:8-1:9),StringStart(1:9-1:10),StringPart(1:10-1:11),EndOfFile(1:11-1:11),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-1.11
	(module @1.1-1.9
		(exposes @1.7-1.9))
	(statements
		(e-string @1.9-1.11
			(e-string-part @1.10-1.11 (raw "\")))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module []
"\"
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir (empty true))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs)
	(expressions))
~~~

Commit message:

Fix canonicalize crash caused by malformed escape sequences
zig build repro-canonicalize -- -b -v KAogICAgbiA9IHxffCB7CiAgmoAnLAogECAgJ1x1MCknJzgQKScnLAoiICAgIAAAwW/yhiMAJ2EnLAogICDqQAAAACwKICAgICfwn5qAJywKICDDqScsCiAgICAn8J+agCcsCiAQICAnXHUwJ/CfmoAnLAogIMOpJywKICAgICAgICdsb25nJywKKQ==

src/snapshots/fuzz_crash/fuzz_crash_037.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=fuzz crash
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module[]"\
~~~
# EXPECTED
INVALID ESCAPE SEQUENCE - :0:0:0:0
UNCLOSED STRING - :0:0:0:0
UNEXPECTED TOKEN IN STRING - fuzz_crash_037.md:1:11:1:11
PARSE ERROR - fuzz_crash_037.md:1:11:1:11
INVALID STATEMENT - fuzz_crash_037.md:1:9:1:11
# PROBLEMS
**INVALID ESCAPE SEQUENCE**
This escape sequence is not recognized.

**UNCLOSED STRING**
This string is missing a closing quote.

**UNEXPECTED TOKEN IN STRING**
The token **<unknown>** is not expected in a string literal.
String literals should be enclosed in double quotes.

Here is the problematic code:
**fuzz_crash_037.md:1:11:1:11:**
```roc
module[]"\
```
          


**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `string_unclosed`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

Here is the problematic code:
**fuzz_crash_037.md:1:11:1:11:**
```roc
module[]"\
```
          


**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement `expression` is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

**fuzz_crash_037.md:1:9:1:11:**
```roc
module[]"\
```
        ^^


# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:7-1:8),CloseSquare(1:8-1:9),StringStart(1:9-1:10),MalformedStringPart(1:10-1:11),EndOfFile(1:11-1:11),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-1.11
	(module @1.1-1.9
		(exposes @1.7-1.9))
	(statements
		(e-string @1.9-1.11)))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module []
""
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir (empty true))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs)
	(expressions))
~~~
