src/snapshots/can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=List with number literal that doesn't fit in inferred type
type=expr
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
[1u8, 2u8, 300]
~~~
# EXPECTED
INVALID NUMBER - can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md:1:2:1:5
INVALID NUMBER - can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md:1:7:1:10
# PROBLEMS
**INVALID NUMBER**

**Invalid Number**
The number literal is invalid or too large to represent:
**can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md:1:2:1:5:**
```roc
[1u8, 2u8, 300]
```
 ^^^


**INVALID NUMBER**

**Invalid Number**
The number literal is invalid or too large to represent:
**can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md:1:7:1:10:**
```roc
[1u8, 2u8, 300]
```
      ^^^


# TOKENS
~~~zig
OpenSquare(1:1-1:2),Int(1:2-1:5),Comma(1:5-1:6),Int(1:7-1:10),Comma(1:10-1:11),Int(1:12-1:15),CloseSquare(1:15-1:16),EndOfFile(1:16-1:16),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(e-list @1.1-1.16
	(e-int @1.2-1.5 (raw "1u8"))
	(e-int @1.7-1.10 (raw "2u8"))
	(e-int @1.12-1.15 (raw "300")))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(e-list @1.1-1.16
	(elems
		(e-runtime-error (tag "invalid_num_literal"))
		(e-runtime-error (tag "invalid_num_literal"))
		(e-int @1.12-1.15 (value "300"))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(expr @1.1-1.16 (type "List(Error)"))
~~~

Commit message:

Fix def output structure in canonicalized IR
Remove wrapper nodes (pattern) and (expr) from d-let output to match
origin/main structure. Also sync Kind enum between canonicalize/CIR.zig
and compile/CIR.zig to include stmt and ignored variants.

src/snapshots/can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=List with number literal that doesn't fit in inferred type
type=expr
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
[1u8, 2u8, 300]
~~~
# EXPECTED
INVALID NUMBER - can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md:1:2:1:5
INVALID NUMBER - can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md:1:7:1:10
# PROBLEMS
**INVALID NUMBER**
This number literal is not valid: `1u8`

**can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md:1:2:1:5:**
```roc
[1u8, 2u8, 300]
```
 ^^^

Check that the number is correctly formatted. Valid examples include: `42`, `3.14`, `0x1A`, or `1_000_000`.

**INVALID NUMBER**
This number literal is not valid: `2u8`

**can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md:1:7:1:10:**
```roc
[1u8, 2u8, 300]
```
      ^^^

Check that the number is correctly formatted. Valid examples include: `42`, `3.14`, `0x1A`, or `1_000_000`.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
OpenSquare(1:1-1:2),Int(1:2-1:5),Comma(1:5-1:6),Int(1:7-1:10),Comma(1:10-1:11),Int(1:12-1:15),CloseSquare(1:15-1:16),EndOfFile(1:16-1:16),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(e-list @1.1-1.16
	(e-int @1.2-1.5 (raw "1u8"))
	(e-int @1.7-1.10 (raw "2u8"))
	(e-int @1.12-1.15 (raw "300")))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(e-list @1.1-1.16
	(elems
		(e-runtime-error (tag "invalid_num_literal"))
		(e-runtime-error (tag "invalid_num_literal"))
		(e-int @1.12-1.15 (value "300"))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(expr @1.1-1.16 (type "List(Error)"))
~~~
